---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solacebroker_dmr_cluster_cert_matching_rule_condition Resource - solacebroker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Cert Matching Rule Condition compares data extracted from a certificate to a link attribute or an expression.
  Attribute|Identifying
  :---|:---:
  dmrclustername|x
  rule_name|x
  source|x
  A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "global/read-only" is required to perform this operation.
  This has been available since SEMP API version 2.28.
---

# solacebroker_dmr_cluster_cert_matching_rule_condition (Resource)

A Cert Matching Rule Condition compares data extracted from a certificate to a link attribute or an expression.


Attribute|Identifying
:---|:---:
dmr_cluster_name|x
rule_name|x
source|x



A SEMP client authorized with a minimum access scope/level of "global/read-only" is required to perform this operation.

This has been available since SEMP API version 2.28.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dmr_cluster_name` (String) "The name of the Cluster."
- `rule_name` (String) "The name of the rule."
- `source` (String) "Certificate field to be compared with the Attribute. The allowed values and their meaning are:\n\n<pre>\n\"certificate-thumbprint\" - The attribute is computed as the SHA-1 hash over the entire DER-encoded contents of the client certificate.\n\"common-name\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's first instance of the Common Name attribute in the Subject DN.\n\"common-name-last\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's last instance of the Common Name attribute in the Subject DN.\n\"subject-alternate-name-msupn\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's Other Name type of the Subject Alternative Name and must have the msUPN signature.\n\"uid\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's first instance of the User Identifier attribute in the Subject DN.\n\"uid-last\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's last instance of the User Identifier attribute in the Subject DN.\n\"org-unit\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's first instance of the Org Unit attribute in the Subject DN.\n\"org-unit-last\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's last instance of the Org Unit attribute in the Subject DN.\n\"issuer\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's Issuer DN.\n\"subject\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's Subject DN.\n\"serial-number\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's Serial Number.\n\"dns-name\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's Subject Alt Name DNS Name.\n\"ip-address\" - The attribute is extracted from the certificate's Subject Alt Name IP Address.\n</pre>\n"

### Optional

- `attribute` (String) "Link Attribute to be compared with certificate content. Either an attribute or an expression must be provided on creation, but not both. The default value is `\"\"`."
- `expression` (String) "Glob expression to be matched with certificate content. Either an expression or an attribute must be provided on creation, but not both. The default value is `\"\"`."
